[Music]
How are you my dear Lovers of the
heart as always we continue here with
all the news from the world of the heart
and this one has Gabriela Guillén as the
protagonist this is because she
spoke a few months before giving birth
to the child she is expecting with Bertín
Osborne a few months after giving birth to the
baby she is expecting from Bertín Osborne
Gabriel Aguillen shows a photograph
where she can be seen showing off her
pregnant belly the young woman
published a wonderful post on her
official Instagram account where she appears
showing her entire pregnant belly
with her chest exposed and with a
smile of happiness and enthusiasm next
to this portrait the future mother Gabriela
Guillén adds a strong message
so eager to see your face and she also
wanted to have a few words of
thanks for the creators of the
snapshots thank you for this beautiful
moment you are the best on the
morning program on tele5 they have commented on
this beautiful moment that the
former partner of Bertin Osborne is living
which she has shared with all her
followers the first to react has
been Joaquín Prat  and he did it with a
very blunt message It seems to me that
everyone with their life does what they
want and this woman is doing
precisely that Adriana Dorronsoro on the
other hand comments that she is then being
criticized for bringing to light her
pregnant image So after this Antonio
Rossi says that this girl is
pregnant it is that she cannot avoid it
apart from everything it is her
social networks Who are we to tell him what he
posts or does not post Pepe del Real in
turn after seeing the last
pregnancy photo of Gabriela comments the debate
is because there are few days left for the
arrival of the baby and then that baby will have to
undergo the paternity test
after this Alessandro Lequio speaks out
about Gabriel Aguillen I do not understand the
disqualifications from certain sectors
of Bertín this lady is how she was when
Bertín met her and now she wants the
spotlight like Bertín does not give her a chance
because she looks for it in this way and well
family leave your opinions in the comments
that I will be
reading them leave your like subscribe So as
not to miss a single news of the
heart and I send you a very big hug